README.md, before:

# Portfolio

## Description:
This is a portfolio project for Code Fellows Course 301.

## Time Estimate for Feature Implementation:
```
Number and name of feature: #1 Refactor the CSS

Estimate of time needed to complete: 120min

Start time: 9:30am

Finish time: 10:40am

Actual time needed to complete: 70min
```
```
Number and name of feature: #2 Modify the contents

Estimate of time needed to complete: 120min

Start time: 10:50am

Finish time: 11:40am

Actual time needed to complete: 50min
```

## Installation:
From the terminal, run one of the following to make a local copy:
* ssh: `git clone git@github.com:stephenchu530/portfolio.git`
* https: `git clone https://github.com/stephenchu530/portfolio.git`

## Usage:
* Change directory into the project directory and load `index.html` in your favorite browser.
* Or go to: [Deployed Portfolio](https://stephenchu530.github.io/portfolio/)

## Credits:
* Stephen Chu, [stephenchu530](https://github.com/stephenchu530)

## License:
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://github.com/stephenchu530/<REPO NAME>/blob/master/LICENSE)

Commit message:

feat: added time estimate for new feature

README.md, after:

# Portfolio

## Description:
This is a portfolio project for Code Fellows Course 301.

## Time Estimate for Feature Implementation:
```
Number and name of feature: #1 Refactor the CSS

Estimate of time needed to complete: 120min

Start time: 9:30am

Finish time: 10:40am

Actual time needed to complete: 70min
```
```
Number and name of feature: #2 Modify the contents

Estimate of time needed to complete: 120min

Start time: 10:50am

Finish time: 11:40am

Actual time needed to complete: 50min
```
```
Number and name of feature: #3 Added Functionality

Estimate of time needed to complete: 120mins

Start time: 8:40am

Finish time: _____

Actual time needed to complete: _____
```

## Installation:
From the terminal, run one of the following to make a local copy:
* ssh: `git clone git@github.com:stephenchu530/portfolio.git`
* https: `git clone https://github.com/stephenchu530/portfolio.git`

## Usage:
* Change directory into the project directory and load `index.html` in your favorite browser.
* Or go to: [Deployed Portfolio](https://stephenchu530.github.io/portfolio/)

## Credits:
* Stephen Chu, [stephenchu530](https://github.com/stephenchu530)

## License:
[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://github.com/stephenchu530/<REPO NAME>/blob/master/LICENSE)
